---
title: "Day 2 - 2nd lesson & Github Pages"
date: 2023-6-13
---

Ok, second day has gone and I'm here to tell you all about it. I woke up and the idea of making a blog just came in, randomly.
I have already done some projects like this, but to be honest I never completed them. I like to think I will complete this, though.
Anyway, I immediately decided to write this blog on the Github Pages. When the idea came in, I didn't really know their name was Github Pages,
I only remembered all those blogs with the link that ended in github.io and the fact the articles were very clean.
So I searched, and I found it. I tried to make one on my own, and it kinda worked but trash files were starting to add up and it was becoming a mess.
That was until I stumbled upon a Github official guide to make Github Pages. I just followed it, and then I was in business again (cit.).
I wrote the first day, as you may have seen, then went back to CS50. I watched the lesson, but didn't do the assignment.
I had some IRL things to do so the time just wasn't enough.

The lesson was very interesting though, surely more programming-oriented than the first one, but well that was an introduction with Scratch so yeah.
I have some background in C++ so it was mostly things I already knew, the syntax is almost the same and that shocked me a little.
I thought C and C++ were much more different. By the way, I'm fearing the moment I don't know what he is talking about anymore, but at least it will be educational, right?
Still, I had to write some things down during the lesson, for example the terminal commands. I really liked the example with Linux, I always wanted to try it but never actually did, at the moment I'm liking the way the terminal works so maybe I'll finally give it a try. Still, Windows rules.
I also wrote down some best practises and conventions he showed. These are things not easily findable if you search for them, so I made sure I had them all.
Oh, and the code smell thing, yea that was nice. Btw I want biscuits too David, thank you very much.

Well, that's mostly it for the day. I'm writing this on day 3 and I've already done the Lab 1, I am probably going to try the Problem Set 1 and see how it goes. From what I've heard online it's not easy, it's called.. Maria? Probably like the example he made in the lesson, idk. Bye.
