---
title: "Day 1"
date: 2023-6-12
---

Hi guys, this is the blog where I'll tell you all about my fabolous journey in the magic realm of CS50x.
First of all, I want to say these posts will be short, personal and not very in-detail. I will not use a formal language at all and it will mostly be about my experience than the course itself.
So to speak, I probably won't publish code, at least not big chuncks of it, also because it's against Harvard policy. 
Well, I guess we can start with a little introduction of my super interesting life. You care about it, right?
Oh yeah, last thing, I'm italian so english is not my first language so excuse me if i maik som erorrs.

I have always been interested in computer science and coding, mostly because I've grown up with a computer at home.
Honsetly, I usally used it to play, I was a kid you know? But still, it changed the way my brain thinks. 
I know, this is the same story of 31415926 other guys and girls in tech but, you know, I can't just make up interesting stories and I still had to start the paragraph somehow.
I chose my school because it had a computer science class but turns out it's actually only 2 hours per week, and they just aren't enough in my opinion.
I have spent most summers studying from internet completely on my own. It actually helped, but my knowledge is very, idk, random?
It's like, I know some very specific topics and how to apply them, yet some basics are just missing, and sometimes I don't even know they exist so I can't just google them to solve the issue.

Now the school year has ended and I can spend some of my free time studying what I enjoy, so I  finally decided to search which were the best courses for computer science online and here I am.
Obliviously, I searched for free courses. Maybe I'll buy the certification if I finish CS50 though.
Anyway, I also decided to write this blog.
Primarly to make myself a little more sure I will finish this course, the social pressure method you know?
Secondly because I just enjoy writing experiences, so yeah.
To be honest, today is the second day. I already have passed the first week assignment, so I will write this trying to remember everything I can.

After I enrolled CS50x I immediately went to watch the first lesson. The lessons look fun. David has so much energy dear god, I wanna know what coffee he drinks.
To be completely honest it was mostly things I already knew, but they were explained so well I still watched it all, it was entertaining.
I already knew the course was designed for complete beginners so I expected it a little.
Building a project on Scratch was really funny though.
I used to use it when I was a kid, I completely forgot how good it was. You obliviously can't make the universe with it, but still.
In fact, in my country the Education system and teachers themselves really push it, that's a good thing in my opinion.
When I first created a new account (I forgot the credentials for my old one, nice) I didn't really know what to make.
That was until, while scrolling the sprites, I found the sprite of the Earth and the ideas started to come in.
I made two UFOs attack the Earth while you are a spaceship and have to block the attacks. I would link it, but I'm not sure I can.
It probably wasn't the most original idea in the world, but it was fun to create. 
To be honest, I'm a little worried I made a mistake. I won't go into details, but I probaby have. I'm waiting to see if I will recieve a feedback. If I will, I'll fix it. 

Anyway, this is mostly it for the first day. Now I'm going to fix this github pages thing cause it's driving me nuts, than I will probably watch the second lesson and write the 2 day, bye.
