---
title: "Day 3 - Lab 1 & Mario More"
date: 2023-6-13
---

Ok, it's 5 PM, I just have finished Mario more: I'm exhausted. But let's start from the beginning. I woke up early so, even though I had some important errands to do in the morning, I was able to get something done.
I opened Lab 1 and did it. Very fast actually, it took me more or less 30 minutes. I don't even remember what it was about to be honest. Then I went straight to the problem set.
I wanted to start directly the problem but for some reason I had to submit an Hello file, still haven't understood why. By the time I was done, I had to go. So I submitted it and turned off everything.

I came back home a few hours later. I had lunch then went straight to the computer to start the problem. To be honest, I was excited. Scratch was fun, but it just wasn't challenging at all. With this in my mind, I opened Mario more instead of Mario less.
As you probably already know, the Mario problem comes in two different versions: less, easies, and more, harder. Well I guess I was feeling ambitious. The problem was interesting and looked quite difficult. 
Like usual, I won't go into details but for those who don't know you more or less have to print a pyramid with an hole in it, lol. It was funny to solve but to be honest a little stressing. 
Coming with the solution took me more brainstorming than I thought, and when I finally succeded converting it to to code was harder then expected. It took me more or less 3 hours I would say, I haven't really checked the clock.
I made a stupid mistake by the way. I made the hole just one block wide instead of two. I noticed only when I was sure I completed the assignment and Check50 complitely ruined my happiness, lol.
The real problem was indeed Check50 though. I still have no idea why, but it insisted I was putting too much whitespace, while I wasn't. I checked it, multiple times. After a while it just went away, I don't know why or how and I don't wanna know.
I still have one problem to finish the week assignment but I think I will do it tomorrow, I don't know.
Well. this is everything for today, so bye.
